Add concept definitions (#57)
rl-institut/open_plan: docs/tool_interface.rst

.. _view-def:

> View

Reviewer: when we refer to them in the text, we'll get capital letters then, I don't know what I prefer ...

Author: Agree, it should not be capital letters when refered in text. It is weird to have non-caps h3 while h1 and h2 are caps but so it is.

View-component
--------------
    A *view-component* is a part of a *view* which can be described independently from the view and could be reused in different *views* (a menu bar for example). A *view-component* is described in terms of its attributes and its actions. For example a menu bar has a nested list of items (each item can itself be a list of item: submenus). Each item, if not itself a list, consists of a label (what the user will see) and an action (what will be done upon clicking/selecting the item).

.. _attribute-def:

Attribute
---------
    An attribute contains the essential information needed to characterize and render a :ref:`view-def` or a :ref:`view-component-def`. An attribute might be visible in the :ref:`view-def` or :ref:`view-component-def` but it can also just be information. An attribute can be linked to a certain number of :ref:`action-def` and to certain :ref:`requirement-def`.

.. _action-def:

Action
------
    An action describes what the user can do in a certain :ref:`view-def` or :ref:`view-component-def`. Each action has an index which is used to link it to an :ref:`attribute-def`.

.. _requirement-def:

_Requirement
------------

>     A requirement describes necessary features of a :ref:`view-def`, a :ref:`view-component-def` or a :ref:`action-def`. A requirement can specify required actions by the user as well as describing what happens if a requirement is not met. Each action has an index which is used to link it to an :ref:`attribute-def`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A requirement describes specific conditions of a :ref:`view-def`, a :ref:`view-component-def`, an :ref:`action-def` or an :ref:`attribute-def` which need to be met. Each requirement has an index which is used to link it to an :ref:`attribute-def`.
```

Reviewer: I would provide an example of a simple requirement and a simple action to help the readers

Reviewer: Examples

Action: the user can click on button A to trigger action B

Requirement: the button B cannot be clicked unless text input C is not filled by user

.. _attribute-def:

attribute
---------
    An attribute contains the essential information needed to characterize and render a :ref:`view-def` or a :ref:`view-component-def`. An attribute might be visible in the :ref:`view-def` or :ref:`view-component-def` but it can also just be information. An attribute can be linked to a certain number of :ref:`action-def` and to certain :ref:`requirement-def`.

.. _action-def:

action
------
    An action describes what the user can do in a certain :ref:`view-def` or :ref:`view-component-def`. Each action has an index which is used to link it to an :ref:`attribute-def`.
Example: [index] The user can click on button B to trigger action C

.. _requirement-def:

requirement
------------

>     A requirement describes specific conditions of a :ref:`view-def`, a :ref:`view-component-def`, an :ref:`action-def` or an :ref:`attribute-def`. A requirement specifies necessary actions that need to be done by the user and explains what happens if the requirement is not met. Each requirement has an index which is used to link it to an :ref:`attribute-def`.

Reviewer: I am not sure what is the meaning/use of this sentence : "A requirement specifies necessary actions that need to be done by the user and explains what happens if the requirement is not met."

>     A requirement describes specific conditions of a :ref:`view-def`, a :ref:`view-component-def`, an :ref:`action-def` or an :ref:`attribute-def`. A requirement specifies necessary actions that need to be done by the user and explains what happens if the requirement is not met. Each requirement has an index which is used to link it to an :ref:`attribute-def`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. TODO : rework this sentence
    A requirement describes specific conditions of a :ref:`view-def`, a :ref:`view-component-def`, an :ref:`action-def` or an :ref:`attribute-def`. A requirement specifies necessary actions that need to be done by the user and explains what happens if the requirement is not met. Each requirement has an index which is used to link it to an :ref:`attribute-def`.
```

    Smaller window within the tool's :ref:`main-window-def`.
    A *widget* can be moved around by the user within the :ref:`main-window-def` and collapsed into another *widget* (then each *widget* is accessible via tabs).

> 

Author: ```suggestion

.. _views-label:

```
